A local D&D club has asked you to help them by creating the objects they might use with a simple Java program to track their players. To start, they would like to have only Humans in this particular campaign. The humans can all select various classes (Wizard, Ninja, Samurai).
They say that the humans should all have four properties: strength, intelligence, stealth, and health. The starting value for each of the properties should be 3, except for health - that should be 100. Each human should also have the ability to attack, where they decrease the health of whatever they attacked by their strength.

They want to see if you can make a class that they could use before anything further, so just implement the human class.

Objectives:
Tasks:
● Create a Human class

● Add the strength, agility, and intelligence attributes with a default of 3

● Add the hp and mp attribute with a default of 100 

● Add the attack(Human) method that reduces the health of the attacked human by the strength of the current human and reduces the attacker's mp by 3.



    Notes:

    1. if the attacker is a wizard the damage should be based on the intelligence of the character+ strength

    2. if the attacker is samurai the damage dealt will be strength of the attacker x2 but will also deal damage to himself by half of his strength.

    3. if the attacker is a ninja damage dealt will be character agi + strength of the target. 

    4. if the target is a ninja there is 50% chance that the ninja takes no damage from the attack.





● Test these methods work using a HumanTest class

-> Create 3 character classes 1 wizard, 1 samurai, 1 ninja

-> have each of them attack each other.

------> wizard attacks samurai, wizard attacks ninja, samurai attacks ninja  twice, ninja attacks wizard twice


SIGNATURE: SURNAME_FIRSTNAME_ccprgg2l_INF222

This is the part 2 of the initial activity, including everything which was discussed add methods and classes for your work
Objectives:
Tasks:
● Create a Human class, Wizard Class, Samurai Class, Ninja Class

● Add the strength, agility, and intelligence attributes with a default of 3

● Add the hp and mp attribute with a default of 100 

● Set initial stats for: 

Wizard (int:15,str:1,agi:2)

Samurai (int:1,str:14,agi:3)
Ninja (int:4,str:3,agi:11)

Skills

(Wizard) - wiseSmash -> damage dealt will be based on the the intelligence of the wizard plus the difference between the int of the wizard and the target. increase wizard's mp by 10

(Wizard) - fireBall -> damage dealt will be based on the intelligence of the wizard plus 10% of the current hp of the target. decreases wizard's mp by 10
(Wizard) - the wizard will take plus 5 damage from any source "FRAGILE CHARACTER"



(Samurai) - if the samurai takes damage and has his health reduced to 0, there is a 50% chance to return to life and gain 1 hp.



(Ninja) - backstab -> the ninja will have stab the enemy dealing 10 damage, this will deal 30 damage if the enemy has less than 60% of the maximum hp.





● Test these methods work using a HumanTest class

-> Create 3 character classes 1 wizard, 1 samurai, 1 ninja

-> have each of them attack each other.

-> Use all skills provided.

-> make sure it will work properly



SIGNATURE: SURNAME_FIRSTNAME_ccprgg2l_INF222



